everything started being a normal game and
current I killed was taking out water hubert
sentinels juve schatz
until suddenly
has effectively joined a killer
man a player with powers
extraordinary and magical because because
It's a fucking but my uncle I want to play
like the teach me male that I want to be
same as but as he really wants
learn to play as the site is called
I call you I want to play as he wants
play as he says it's a point but
antenna menu please teach me very well
I will teach
to play like he just have
to have a guardian a shield
riot gun a five shotgun
trolley systems a sentinel a
guardian a crop games on low
confirmed and with this you have everything
well it 's a player that you notice that it's
very good since it has a control
extraordinary of the square since
mean 'aces' is moving by
all the map for everything all all all the
map by all all all the map by
all the map
this is a bitch zone has is the fucking
Map
Well, you will simply have to
get the first rats killing a
uncle stealing 50 shoes you'll have everything
done already when you have the sentinel and
the guardian will simply have it
put a little thing here here
here we are here all done and then
well let's see the game on camera
fast since as it is a game that
I proposed a lot because it deserves
good good good friend here frenetic
fuck nostalgia my mother that I move from
one side for another mother of mine but wait
wait, wait, they are telling us
that this man is going to move by the
map that do not have another one that is
russia does not really just throw itself
wait perate wait because this
is pulling to catch more plates and
the guardian removed again and what will
do with another guardian co of the price is
that has more guardians than money
the king uncle good as you can see
these on YouTube is for real and though and
just think of boats and whores since with
all golden hour covers that
is catching, because he already has the
solved game and that's how to be a
true pro in call of duty black
cars you know, I remind you that
gusts are sentinel guardian and
sneaky helicopter play in low
confirmed to have many trophies have
many many many we believe and as not
have scavenger to be restored
greetings and see you in the next
tutorial